Add obfuscation procedure (#4033)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_obfuscating-hostnames-and-ip-addresses.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="obfuscating-hostnames-and-ip-addresses"]
= Obfuscating hostnames and IP addresses

You can use {ProjectName} to obfuscate hostnames and IP addresses when uploading host data to Insights. 
Obfuscation ensures that sensitive identifying information is not exposed. 
When obfuscation settings are enabled, {Project} obfuscates hostnames and IP addresses. 
If obfuscation settings are enabled and the host has its own Insights client obfuscation settings, {Project} applies the client settings. 
If obfuscation settings are disabled, {Project} does not obfuscate hostnames or IP addresses, regardless of client settings.

By default, {Project} applies global obfuscation settings unless an Insights client on the host overrides the settings with its own configuration.
This procedure describes how {Project} applies obfuscation settings.

.Prerequisites
* Your hosts have Insights clients installed and configured.

.Procedure
. Navigate to *Insights* > *Inventory Upload*.
. Enable the *Obfuscate host names* and *Obfuscate host ipv4 addresses* settings to obfuscate host names and ipv4 addresses sent to the {RHCloud}.

> .Verifying obfuscation

Reviewer: For this I would have them download the report in *Insights* > *Inventory Upload* -> pick the org dropdown selector and then click download report and have them view that. Satellite will always show the real hostname in the UI because that is what subscription-manager uses

. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Insights* > *Inventory Upload*.
. Select a recently uploaded host.

> . Confirm that the hostname is `satellite.example.com` and the IP address is obfuscated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Confirm that the hostname is `{foreman-example-com}` and the IP address is obfuscated.
```

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="obfuscating-hostnames-and-ip-addresses"]
= Obfuscating hostnames and IP addresses

You can use {ProjectName} to obfuscate hostnames and IP addresses when uploading host data to {Insights}. 
Obfuscation ensures that sensitive identifying information is not exposed. 
When obfuscation settings are enabled, {Project} obfuscates hostnames and IP addresses. 
If obfuscation settings are enabled and the host has its own `insights-client` obfuscation settings, {Project} honors the host settings.  

> If obfuscation settings are disabled, {Project} does not obfuscate hostnames or IP addresses, regardless of client settings.

Reviewer: Based on the PR we did, I would update this, here is how we determine if a host will get obfuscated:
```
Returns true if hostname obfuscation should be applied for a given host, based on hierarchy:
        # 1. Global setting for hostname obfuscation. - true if setting is enabled
        # 2. host fact reported by insights_client - if client reports in with an obfuscated fact
        # 3. if neither of the above, don't obfuscate.
```
```suggestion
If obfuscation settings are disabled, {Project} does not obfuscate hostnames or IP addresses, unless a client has obfuscation enabled in `insights-client`.
```

By default, {Project} applies global obfuscation settings unless an `insights-client` on the host overrides the settings with its own configuration.
This procedure describes how {Project} applies obfuscation settings.

.Prerequisites
* Your hosts have `insights-client` installed and configured.

.Procedure
. Navigate to *{Insights}* > *Inventory Upload*.
. Enable the *Obfuscate host names* and *Obfuscate host ipv4 addresses* settings to obfuscate host names and ipv4 addresses sent to the {RHCloud}.

> .Verifying obfuscation

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.Verification
```
We have to stick to the modularization structure strictly. "Verification" is an allowed discrete heading in [procedure modules](https://redhat-documentation.github.io/modular-docs/#con-creating-procedure-modules_writing-mod-docs) whereas "Verifying obfuscation" is not.

. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Insights* > *Inventory Upload*.
. In the *Organization* dropdown menu, select the organization that uploaded the host data.
. Click *Download report* to download the host inventory report from Insights.

> . Confirm that the hostname is `{foreman-example-com}` and the IP address is obfuscated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Confirm that the hostname is `{randomserver.example.com}` and the IP address is obfuscated.
```

Reviewer: or you could do `{randomhostname.example.com}`

> . Confirm that the hostname is `randomhostname.example.com` and the IP address is obfuscated.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. Verify that the hostname is `randomhostname.example.com` and the IP address is obfuscated.
```
Word choice (one usually "confirms" form submission or stuff like that?)
